fix(Forms): add support for `sessionStorageId` in Field.Upload (#4424)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/feature-fields/more-fields/Upload/info.mdx

  )
}
```

### Persist files in session storage

The `sessionStorageId` property can be used to store the files in the session storage so they persist between page reloads.

> But the persisted files only render the file name, and not the file itself. The file blog got lost during the serialization process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But the persisted files only render the file name, and not the file itself. The file blob will be lost during the serialization process.
```
